Add documentation on how to run and build NAMD on Eiger (#86)
eth-cscs/cscs-docs: docs/software/sciapps/namd.md

!!! note "Prefer the single-node build and exploit GPU-resident mode"
    Unless you have good reasons to use the multi-node build, we recommend using the single-node build with the GPU-resident mode.

!!! warning "Eiger"

>     The single-node build is not available on [Eiger][ref-eiger]. You need to use the multi-node build on [Eiger].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The single-node build is not available on [Eiger][ref-cluster-eiger]. You need to use the multi-node build on [Eiger].
```

>     The single-node build is not available on [Eiger][ref-cluster-eiger]. You need to use the multi-node build on [Eiger].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The multi-node version is the only version of NAMD available on [Eiger][ref-cluster-eiger] - single-node is not provided.
```

!!! note "GPU-resident mode"
    The multi-node build based on [Charm++]'s MPI backend can't take advantage of the new GPU-resident mode. Unless you require the multi-node
    build or you can prove it is faster for your use case, we recommend using the single-node build with the GPU-resident mode.

### Running NAMD on Eiger

The following sbatch script shows how to run NAMD on Eiger:

```bash
#!/bin/bash -l
#SBATCH --job-name=namd-test
#SBATCH --time=00:30:00
#SBATCH --nodes=4
#SBATCH --ntasks-per-core=1
#SBATCH --ntasks-per-node=128
#SBATCH --account=<ACCOUNT> (1)
#SBATCH --hint=nomultithread
#SBATCH --hint=exclusive
#SBATCH --constraint=mc
#SBATCH --uenv=namd/3.0:v1 (2)
#SBATCH --view=namd (3)

export OMP_NUM_THREADS=$SLURM_CPUS_PER_TASK
export OMP_PROC_BIND=spread
export OMP_PLACES=threads

srun --cpu-bind=cores namd3 +setcpuaffinity ++ppn 4 <NAMD_CONFIG_FILE> # (4)!
```

1. Change `<ACCOUNT>` to your project account
2. Load the NAMD UENV (UENV name or path to the UENV). Change `<NAMD_UENV>` to the name (or path) of the actual NAMD UENV you want to use
3. Load the `namd` view

> 4. Make sure you set `++ppn`, and other NAMD options optimally for your calculation.

Reviewer 2: Out of ignorance: is the double `++` intentional?
```suggestion
4. Make sure you set `++ppn`, and other NAMD options optimally for your calculation.
```

Author: Yes, this is intended. I'm still testing a bit to see what is the optimal configuration for Eiger (documentation seems a bit scarce for multicore).

    The UENV provides `tcl@8.6`, therefore you need to manually modify NAMD's `arch/Linux-<ARCH>.tcl` file:
    change `-ltcl8.5` to `-ltcl8.6` in the definition of the `TCLLIB` variable, if needed.

The [NAMD] `uenv` provides all the dependencies required to build [NAMD] from source. You can follow these steps to build [NAMD] from source:

=== "gh200 build"

    ```bash
    export DEV_VIEW_NAME="develop"
    export PATH_TO_NAMD_SOURCE=<PATH_TO_NAMD_SOURCE> # (1)!

    # Start uenv and load develop view
    uenv start --view=${DEV_VIEW_NAME} <NAMD_UENV> # (2)!

    # Set variable VIEW_PATH to the view
    export DEV_VIEW_PATH=/user-environment/env/${DEV_VIEW_NAME}

    cd ${PATH_TO_NAMD_SOURCE}
    ```

    1. Substitute `<PATH_TO_NAMD_SOURCE>` with the actual path to the NAMD source code
    2. Substitute `<NAMD_UENV>` with the actual name (or path) of the NAMD UENV you want to use.

    !!! info "Action required"
        Modify the `${PATH_TO_NAMD_SOURCE}/arch/Linux-ARM64.tcl` file now.
        Change `-ltcl8.5` with `-ltcl8.6` in the definition of the `TCLLIB` variable, if needed.

>     Build [Charm++] boundled with NAMD:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Build [Charm++] bundled with NAMD:
```

    ```bash
    tar -xvf charm-8.0.0.tar && cd charm-8.0.0
    env MPICXX=mpicxx ./build charm++ mpi-linux-arm8 smp --with-production -j 32
    ```

>     Finally, you can configure and build NAMD (with GPU accereration):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Finally, you can configure and build NAMD (with GPU acceleration):
```
